urpmi: add pages (#12025)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/linux/urpme.md

# urpme

> > Mageia's command for uninstalling packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Uninstall packages in Mageia.
```

> See also: `urpmi`, `urpmi.update`, `urpmi.addmedia`, `urpmi.removemedia`, `urpmf`, `urpmq`.
> More information: <https://wiki.mageia.org/en/URPMI#urpme>.

- Uninstall a package:

`sudo urpme {{package}}`

> - Uninstall orphan packages (warning: it's very easy to unintentionally remove important packages):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Uninstall orphan packages (Note: use it with caution as it might unintentionally remove important packages):
```

`sudo urpme --auto-orphans`

> - Uninstall a package and its dependecies:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Uninstall a package and its dependencies:
```
